[SDK-5420] rn banners (#8958)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/banner_cards/integration.md

## Integrating Banner Cards

> ### Step 1: Refresh placements in your app {#requestBannersRefresh}

Reviewer: the hero we need

{% endtab %}
{% tab React Native %}

> If you're using the React Native's new architecture, you need to register the BrazeBanner as a Fabric component in your AppDelegate.mm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using React Native's new architecture, you need to register `BrazeBannerView` as a Fabric component in your `AppDelegate.mm`
```

> If you're using the React Native's new architecture, you need to register the BrazeBanner as a Fabric component in your AppDelegate.mm

Reviewer 2: Nit: They kinda treat this as a proper noun for some reason:

```suggestion
If you're using the React Native's New Architecture, you need to register the BrazeBanner as a Fabric component in your AppDelegate.mm
```

> If you're using the React Native's new architecture, you need to register the BrazeBanner as a Fabric component in your AppDelegate.mm

Reviewer 2: Should we also add an example of how to call `getBanner` here as well? We don't really need it for the `BrazeBannerView`, but I was thinking we could have it match the Kotlin example.

Author: I've added it. I'm wondering if we should callout that getting the Banner itself isn't required in many cases, just so integrators aren't confused why they're doing it.

```swift
#ifdef RCT_NEW_ARCH_ENABLED
/// Register the `BrazeBannerView` for use as a Fabric component.
- (NSDictionary<NSString *,Class<RCTComponentViewProtocol>> *)thirdPartyFabricComponents {
  NSMutableDictionary * dictionary = [super thirdPartyFabricComponents].mutableCopy;
  dictionary[@"BrazeBannerView"] = [BrazeBannerView class];
  return dictionary;
}
#endif
```

> In your React Native application, use the following code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In your React Native application, insert the following JSX into your view hierarchy:
```

{% endtab %}
{% tab React Native %}

> If you're using React Native's New Architecture, you need to register `BrazeBannerView` as a Fabric component in your `AppDelegate.mm`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you're using [React Native's New Architecture](https://reactnative.dev/architecture/landing-page), you need to register `BrazeBannerView` as a Fabric component in your `AppDelegate.mm`.
```

```swift
#ifdef RCT_NEW_ARCH_ENABLED
/// Register the `BrazeBannerView` for use as a Fabric component.
- (NSDictionary<NSString *,Class<RCTComponentViewProtocol>> *)thirdPartyFabricComponents {
  NSMutableDictionary * dictionary = [super thirdPartyFabricComponents].mutableCopy;
  dictionary[@"BrazeBannerView"] = [BrazeBannerView class];
  return dictionary;
}
#endif
```

To get the Banner in React Native, use:

```javascript
const banner = await Braze.getBanner("global_banner");
```

> In your React Native application, insert the following JSX into your view hierarchy:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In your React Native application, add the following JavaScript XML (JSX) snippet into your view hierarchy.
```

```javascript
<Braze.BrazeBannerView

>   placementID='dynamic-height'

Reviewer 4: We use "global_banner" in the example code above and for the other languages, so I think we'd want to limit confusion and use the same string here
```suggestion
  placementID='global_banner'
```

/>
```

> {% endtab %}

Reviewer 4: nit: Every Flutter section says:
```
This feature is not yet available in ...
```
while every single other wrapper says:
```
This feature is not currently available in ...
```
(e.g. Line 334)

Can we update so they all are consistent?
